
3-4mins
- Intro to yourself
- Projects
- Significant project with reason.

-----------

Hi, I'm Anderson. Graduated in Information Technology from PTIT, I have expertise in frontend development for more than 3 years.
I'm passtionated in creating responsive, performant and scalable web applications that solve real-world problems.
I started coding after getting frustrated with some clunky websites, and I realized I wanted to be the person who made the internet less painful and more beautiful.
Today, I help teams turn complex ideas, designs into clean, intuitive interfaces — so users stay engaged and businesses grow without friction.

I'm seeking a new role that allows me to:
- Leverage my frontend development expertise. 
- Work on innovative projects and bring my values to the company
- Grow professionally in a dynamic and collaborative environment

I was involved in many projects, but these are the notable achievements:

Supra IDE - A sophisticated online Move language editor, specifically designed for developing and interacting with Supra blockchain smart contracts. The application provides a complete development environment similar to VSCode but specialized for Move language

Supra Multi‑Signature Web3 Wallet, A React dApp for creating and managing multi‑signature wallets on Supra, focusing on enhancing security, decentralization, and collaborative control over digital assets.

Sentbe Back office
A comprehensive backoffice solution designed for internal Sentbe teams to efficiently
manage users, financial transactions, and multi-country operations from a single platform, resulting in improved operational efficiency and data management.

A Projects Management tool for managing projects, tasks, and team collaboration, offering features like task assignment, progress tracking, and deadline management

A comprehensive Hospital Information platform for managing patient information, scheduling, and medical
records, designed to streamline hospital operations and improve patient care.

And finally, A Personal Project called Base Dict.
it's A specialized platform for Vietnamese learners of Japanese, featuring interactive JLPT
practice tests, translation and more.

One project that is my favorite and is the one that I'm most proud of is the most recent one - Supra IDE.
In this project, I Implemented custom Monaco language support for Move language, with syntax highlighting, inline error detection and code completion.
The project also allows user to compile, build and deploy Move smart contract.
The biggest challenge was the View and Run functions. I had to create a screen that let user build and run  functions from any valid supra smart contract address.
This was a first for Supra, like what other blockchains do, but totally new here.
I did all this work on the front end despite limited resources and documentation.

That's it about me. Thank you for listening.
